docs: step by step - part 1 (#416)
jina-ai/finetuner: docs/2_step_by_step/2_4_create_training_data.md

# Create training and evaluation (Optional) data

> Finetuner accept [docarray](https://docarray.jina.ai/) `DocumentArray` as training data and evaluation data.

Reviewer: accepts

> Finetuner accepts [docarray](https://docarray.jina.ai/) `DocumentArray` as training data and evaluation data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finetuner accepts training data and evaluation data in the form of [docarray](https://docarray.jina.ai/) `DocumentArray` objects.
```

Because Finetuner follows a [supervised-learning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supervised_learning) scheme,

> you should assign label to each `Document` inside `DocumentArray` with:

Reviewer 3: you should assign a label to each `Document` inside your `DocumentArray` as follows:

        tags={'finetuner_label': 'skirt'},
    ),
    Document(
        content='https://...t-shirt-1.png',
        tags={'finetuner_label': 't-shirt'},
    ),
    ...,
])
```
````
````{tab} text-to-image search on CLIP
```python
from docarray import Document, DocumentArray

train_da = DocumentArray([
    Document(
        chunks=[
            Document(
                content='pencil skirt slim fit available for sell',
                modality='text',
                tags={'finetuner_label': 'skirt-1'}
            ),
            Document(
                content='https://...skirt-1.png',
                modality='image',
                tags={'finetuner_label': 'skirt-1'}
            ),
        ],
    ),
    Document(
        chunks=[
            Document(
                content='stripped over-sized shirt for sell',
                modality='text',
                tags={'finetuner_label': 'shirt-1'}
            ),
            Document(
                content='https://...shirt-1.png',
                modality='image',
                tags={'finetuner_label': 'shirt-1'}
            ),
        ],
    ),
])
```
````

As shown in the above code blocks.

> For single-modality model fine-tuning, you only need to create a `Document` with `content` and `tags` with the `finetuner_label`.

Reviewer 3: merge with prev sentence, ie. replace "." with "," and lowercase "for"

For cross-modality (text-to-image) fine-tuning with CLIP,

> you should create a root `Document` which wraps two `chunks` with the `image` and `text` modality.

Reviewer 4: will we use `dataclass` here? Or just two different `chunk`s?

Author: it's tricky, you can not assign modality in dataclass and you can not assign label

The image and text form a pair.

```{admonition} CLIP model explained
:class: hint
OpenAI CLIP model wraps two models: a vision transformer and a text transformer.
During fine-tuning, we're optimizing two models in parallel.

> At the model saving time, you will discover we are saving two models to your local directory. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the model saving time, you will discover, we are saving two models to your local directory. 
```

```

> If you need to evaluate metrics on a seperate evaluation data,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to evaluate metrics on separate evaluation data,
```
